All right, we are here
with Simon Cowell.
And you've always been known
for your brutal honesty,
and so we put you
in the hot seat
with our game,
Burning Questions.
[GAME MUSIC]
I'm going to read a question,
and you're going to answer it,
and then you will-- and
it's the first thing
that pops into your head, and
then you hit this, and for no
When I think-- when I
think of the answer?
Whatever it is.
Pops into your head, and
you say it, and do that.
[DING]
Got it.
You get the ding.
OK, I can do that.
All right, what do
you sleep in at night?
[DING]
I've already told you, pajamas.
All right, but you answer
first, and then hit that.
[DING]
All right.
Oh, I answered that.
Who's the sexiest
member of One Direction?
[DING]
I've got to say it.
Sorry, let me just
get this right.
I give the answer, then I do it?
Yeah.
It's very, very important.
OK.
If I gave the
answer to that one,
I will get killed by their fans.
[DING]
So I'm ducking out.
Yeah, that's all right.
If you could only
watch one reality show
that you're not involved in
for the rest of your life,
which would it be?
[DING]
I wouldn't--
[BUZZER]
None?
There's none.
Do you watch any at all?
Only ones with me in it.
OK.
Do you have a pet name
that you like to be called?
[DING]
Silly.
No, silly.
[DING]
There we go.
Who was your first
celebrity crush?
[DING]
Oh.
[SIGHS]
Raquel Welch.
[DING]
What's the song that you dislike
the most hearing in auditions?
Grenade, Bruno Mars.
Really?
[DING]
Is that basing that a lot?
No one can sing that song well.
My son loves it when I--
[DING]
Oh, you know what?
This is so embarrassing.
I feel really stupid right now.
Do it again.
We'll just cut.
All right, yeah.
My son loves it when I--
Look in the mirror.
[DING]
Why?
Because we both look in the
mirror at the same time,
saying how handsome we are.
It's true.
That's adorable.
Name three things that you
keep in your bedside table?
Picture of me, picture
of me, picture of me.
[DING]
That's not true.
It really is.
What do you-- you just look
at them once in a while?
Yeah.
I don't believe you.
Name one lie that you've told
recently besides that one.
[SIMON LAUGHS]
Oh my God.
I don't think I've
lied recently.
Really?
[ANGELIC NOISE]
Yeah.
Good for you.
[DING]
What are the three words you
would use to describe yourself?
Handsome, charismatic, handsome.
[DING]
Are you a member of
the mile high club?
It wasn't quite a mile.
[DING]
On the way up.
Yeah, I see.
I understand.
That's all we have.
[BELL RINGING]
Thank God for that.
That's all.
[SIMON CHUCKLES]
We'll be back.